Cite RFC4748 correctly (#208)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

timers or through least-recently-used eviction, depending on application
requirements.

> {{?RFC4787}} requires a timout that is not less than 2 minutes for most UDP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{?RFC4787}} requires a timout that is at least than 2 minutes for most UDP
```

Author: Happy to use your wording but I actually used the wording form RFC4787. Actually the wording is

" A NAT UDP mapping timer MUST NOT expire in less than two minutes, unless REQ-5a applies."

Reviewer 2: And I WOUD think it helpful to state here why 2 minutes is better than shorter values, so that the read knows we are serious.

Author: Yep, @gorryfair  that will go into a separate PR! Issues are still open to address this!
